docs: consolidate code hosting setup instructions (#19202)
WeblateOrg/weblate: docs/admin/code-hosting.rst

platform.

To use this approach:

1. Create a dedicated GitHub user account, for example ``weblate-bot``.
2. Add Weblate's public SSH key to this user, see :ref:`weblate-ssh-key`.
3. Grant this user access to all repositories you want to translate.
4. Use SSH URLs for your repositories: ``git@github.com:owner/repo.git``.

This approach is also used for Hosted Weblate, which has a dedicated
:guilabel:`weblate` user for that purpose.

.. note::

   When using :guilabel:`GitHub` for pull requests, the
   :ref:`component-push_branch` configuration affects the behavior: if not set,
   the project is forked and changes are pushed through a fork. If set, changes
   are pushed to the upstream repository and the chosen branch.

.. _code-hosting-github-notifications:

GitHub notifications
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Weblate comes with native support for GitHub.

If you are using Hosted Weblate, the recommended approach is to install the
`Weblate app <https://github.com/apps/weblate>`_. The app delivers GitHub
notifications to Hosted Weblate, so you do not need to configure a separate
:guilabel:`Webhook` in GitHub. It does not by itself grant Hosted Weblate write

> access to the repository, though. To push changes back, you still need to add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Webhook` in GitHub. However, it does not by itself grant Hosted Weblate write
access to the repository. To push changes back, you still need to add
```
